Q)What is Emmet?
Emmet is the essential toolkit for web-developers. 
It allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full-fledged boiler plate code for writing HTML and CSS.

Q)What is Library? 
Library is a collections of prewritten code snippets that can be used and reused to perform certain tasks. 
Examples: React, jQuery

Q) What is Framework?
Framework provides a basic foundation or structure for a 
website or an application.
Examples: Angular

Q ) Similarities between Library and Framework?
Frameworks and libraries are code written by third parties to 
solve regular/common problems or to optimise performance.

Q ) Difference between Library and Framework?
A key difference between the two is Inversion of control. 
When using a library, the control remains with the developer who tells the application when to call library functions. 
When using a framework, the control is reversed, which means that the framework tells the developer where code needs to be 
provided and calls it as it requires.

Q)What is CDN? Why do we use it? 
A CDN (Content Delivery Network) is a distributed network of servers strategically placed across different geographic locations to 
deliver content (like images, videos, stylesheets, JavaScript files, or even entire web pages) to users faster and more reliably.
Why we use a CDN:
-Speed / Performance
    CDNs store cached copies of your content on multiple edge servers around the world.
    When a user requests a file, the CDN serves it from the nearest server instead of your main server, reducing latency.
-Reduced Load on Origin Server
    Since most requests are served from CDN caches, your main server handles fewer requests, freeing resources for dynamic content or API calls.
-Scalability
-Better User Experience
    Faster load times lead to lower bounce rates and higher engagement.
-DDoS Protection & Security
    Many CDNs offer protection against attacks, SSL encryption, and bot filtering.
-Global Availability
    Users around the world get similar loading speeds regardless of their distance from your main server.


Q)Why is React known as React? 
React is a JavaScript Library. The name ‘React’ was chosen because the library was designed to allow developers to react 
to changes in state and data within an application, and to update the user interface in a declarative and efficient 
manner

Q)What is crossorigin in script tag? 
The crossorigin attribute in the script tag enables Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) for loading external JavaScript 
files from different origin than the hosting web page. This allows the script to access resources from the server hosting 
the script, such as making HTTP requests or accessing data.

Q)What is diference between React and ReactDOM 
1. React
Purpose: Core library for building UI components.

What it contains:
    Component creation (function or class components).
    Hooks (useState, useEffect, etc.).
    JSX processing.
    Virtual DOM logic.
    It does not know where your UI will render — browser, mobile, VR, etc.

Example use:

import React from "react";

function App() {
  return <h1>Hello World</h1>;
}
export default App;

2. ReactDOM
Purpose: Connects React to the web browser’s DOM.
What it does:
    Takes your React components and renders them into actual HTML elements in the browser.
    Provides methods like createRoot and render.

Example use:

import ReactDOM from "react-dom/client";
import App from "./App";

const root = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById("root"));
root.render(<App />);

Think of it like this:
React = The blueprint & brain (how components work, how state updates, virtual DOM diffing).
ReactDOM = The worker that takes that blueprint and builds it in the browser’s real DOM.

💡 Fun fact:
ReactDOM is only for the web.
For mobile apps (React Native), there’s no ReactDOM — instead, React Native has its own renderer that targets native components.

Q)What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
1. react.development.js
Purpose: For local development and debugging.
Characteristics:
    Unminified (readable code).
    Includes helpful error messages, warnings, and checks.
    Larger file size.
    Slower performance (because of extra validations).

2. react.production.min.js
Purpose: For live, public websites (production).
Characteristics:
    Minified (short variable names, no spaces, compressed code).
    No development warnings or extra checks — only essential code.
    Much smaller file size.
    Faster execution.

Q)What is async and defer? 
1. The problem they solve,by default:
<script src="script.js"></script>
The browser stops parsing HTML when it sees a <script>.
It downloads the script.
It executes the script before continuing to render the page.
This can slow down page load because HTML parsing is paused.

2. async:
<script src="script.js" async></script>
Download: Happens in parallel with HTML parsing.
Execution: Happens as soon as the script finishes downloading, even if HTML parsing isn’t done.
Order: Not guaranteed (if you have multiple scripts).
Good for: Independent scripts that don’t rely on other scripts or the DOM being ready (e.g., analytics).

Timeline for async:
[Download script] (in parallel with HTML parsing)
 → When download finishes → Pause HTML parsing → Execute script → Resume parsing

3. defer
<script src="script.js" defer></script>
Download: Happens in parallel with HTML parsing.
Execution: Happens only after the HTML parsing is complete (just before DOMContentLoaded).
Order: Guaranteed in the order they appear in HTML.
Good for: Scripts that need the DOM fully loaded before running.

Timeline for defer:
[Download script] (in parallel with HTML parsing)
 → Finish HTML parsing → Execute scripts in order